==PayByPhoneTwitterAggregator==
Sample Twitter Aggregator for PayByPhone

===User Acceptance Testing===

====Requirements:====
* Chrome Browser
* JSON View Extenstion for Chrome

====Details:====
On your computer please complete the following steps.:

# Check if you have the Chrome browser installed
# If you do not have Chrome installed, download and install Chrome from [https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/]
# Install the JSONView extension for Chrome from [https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/jsonview/chklaanhfefbnpoihckbnefhakgolnmc]
# Visit [http://paybyphonetwitteraggregator.apphb.com/api/Twitter/twitterfeed]
# Confirm the implementation details, as listed in the Implentation and Requirement document, are met

Note: The JSONView extension formats the JSON resultset into human-friendly form and makes the results easier to analyze. You are welcomed to visit the URL in step 5 with other tools of your preference in order to conduct testing and analysis.

If you wish to complete additional testing for different period lengths, visit the following URL, [http://paybyphonetwitteraggregator.apphb.com/api/Twitter/twitterfeedByDays/14], replacing 14 with length of the period you wish to test. 

Examples:
* 5-day period: http://paybyphonetwitteraggregator.apphb.com/api/Twitter/twitterfeedByDays/5
* 10-day period: http://paybyphonetwitteraggregator.apphb.com/api/Twitter/twitterfeedByDays/10

Note: The Twitter API and the account you are accessing this application with limits requests to 350 in a 24-hour timespan. If you test for too many days or too many times the response data will not return and you will have to wait until the following day

===Design===
The TwitterControllerManages handles the requests for twitter information and delegates resposiblity to several services in order to carry out it's duties.

The web service backing model, TweetResponse, contains the implementation specific definition for providing a response.

The business model data is stored in the aggregate entity, Account. This entity and its aggregate parts manage the details associated with the twitter feed accounts.

The Account Entities are managed bv the AccountManagerService, which acts as a repository.


===Technology===
The following tools were used in the development of this application:
* ASP.Net MVC Web API - Web Application Framework
* C# and .Net 4.5 - Language, Runtime, and Framework
* TweetSharp Library
* Visual Studio 2012 - IDE
* Apphabor - Hosting and Continious Integration Testing
* Xunit - Unit Testing Framework
* Nuget - Third-Party Package Manager
